title	,repair
Garage outlet won't work, no breakers tripped. Please help! 	,repair
Hot water "time limit" for shower 	,repair
Docks for the Cottage 	,repair
Our bathroom sink faucet only lets out a trickle of water...house management won't do anything. Help? 	,repair
How To Prepare Your Home For Winter In Las Vegas  	,repair
Our washer no longer does its spin cycle and our clothes are coming out sopping wet. Help! 	,repair
Heavy condensation on my apartment windows. Help please 	,repair
Garage door stops about 2 feet short when closing 	,repair
is this mold in my apartment ? 	,repair
Dish drain residue - bad water or normal?  	,repair
Need some quick help troubleshooting a washer drain pump   	,repair
need advice replacing gas powered space heater 	,repair
[Need advice] Exterior weed-vine growing into interior of my house. 	,repair
Help winterizing a house. 	,repair
How Often Should You Clean Your Gutters?  	,repair
Water Damage - What do I need to do to fix this?  	,repair
TV   question 	,repair
Dripping condensation from conservatory roof - help/advice needed 	,repair
Closet pull chain light 	,repair
Gas furnace runs to temp then restarts and stops. 	,repair
PEX pipe hanger broke 	,repair
Roof Leak...kinda. 	,repair
Gas dryer line, leaking   	,repair
Moving support beam 16" to the left 	,repair
Does this look hazardous to anyone?  	,repair
Hole in wall behind fridge. 	,repair
Water pressure on trough-style faucet 	,repair
Power surge in single room - cold weather 	,repair
Drywall chipped off. Any idea how to fix?  	,repair
Reddit, Please tell me new washing machines aren't supposed to be this loud!!! 	,repair
Hot Water Boiler making DING noise 	,repair
AC "vent" in bedroom, ok to caulk cracks? Not sure if this would cause any ventilation / air flow issues 	,repair
Pet urine set into hardwood floors 	,repair
Garage Door going backward? 	,repair
Think my dad's roof is collapsing! 	,repair
External motion sensor light connected to living room lights   	,repair
Spin cycle no longer working on front-loading washer 	,repair
Leaking around bathroom exhaust fan when it rains 	,repair
Outlets on one wall not working 	,repair
Strange wet/sticky stripe under bathroom window 	,repair
Furnace pilot lit no heat 	,repair
Noticed water spots on exterior wall. Any idea whats going on? Nothing behind it but a garage. 	,repair
Frost on interior walls, rental, is this an issue? 	,repair
Help! Raw sewage smell from hot water tank. NO sewage drain anywhere. 	,repair
Dog chewed up carpet, help! 	,repair
PEX water pressure issue 	,repair
Is my heating system making me sick? New rental, does this need cleaning?  	,repair
What is this on my tiles and how do I clean em up? 	,repair
Hey, we've got these weird sockets for lights around our house. What are they? Is there an adapter? Need help replacing bulbs  	,repair
Door all of a sudden won't close 	,repair
Water Leak outside bathroom in home 	,repair
Are these wires safe to be so close to my deck?  	,repair
WHY ITS IMPORTANT TO WASH YOUR HOUSE  	,repair
Chimney moves when pressure is applied to it? 	,repair
Water softener maintenance and inspection concerns? 	,repair
Water heater corrosion found during inspection 	,repair
Shower Diverter stuck. Help? 	,repair
Pondering a combo thermostat/humidistat for roof fan 	,repair
Question about gas appliances and pilot lights 	,repair
Need help repairing botched vinyl flooring job around a drain 	,repair
Flickering Ceiling Fan Lights 	,repair
Dry rot on door frame....Should I repair or replace whole frame? 	,repair
Bulging drywall in garage. Wall is shared with bathroom and laundry room. 	,repair
Brand new portable dishwasher wont fill with water 	,repair
My apartment has a radiator pipe that's no longer has a radiator connected. It's spews steam to such a degree that it saturates furniture, walls and sets off the smoke alarm. Using a vice grip I closed it but it's still happening 	,repair
Dryer duct under house has problems 	,repair
Ball Style Shower Dripping - replaced seats but 2mos later chewed up and dripping again... 	,repair
Oil Furnace shutting off after cycle completes 	,repair
Random loud humming noise at night. 	,repair
Please help me fix this drafty door! 	,repair
Best way to seal where floors meet foundation  	,repair
How to fix incorrectly installed upper kitchen cabinets? 	,repair
Used scrubbing bubbles on tile wall 	,repair
Well Pump keeps turning on/off 	,repair
Ac Air Filter Recommended For Optimum Indoor Air Quality  	,repair
sliding glass doors? 	,repair
Water will get lukewarm, but won't get hot... 	,repair
Garage door won't close in cold weather. Thoughts? 	,repair
Clicking ceiling fan 	,repair
Weird shower issues... 	,repair
Toilet Making Mysterious Hissing Sound 	,repair
Gas stove sparker or igniter problems 	,repair
Home Repairs & Maintenance Jaipur at Ezeehouse.com  	,repair
What is causing this dust/dirt coming from a wall crack along stairs? 	,repair
Importance of CO detectors!  	,repair
Need help with faucet 	,repair
Gas oven making a loud popping/backfiring sound when it's off 	,repair
How to prevent freezing pipes, or detect the need for intervention? 	,repair
This has stumped three plumbers and a city inspector. How does one fix this?  	,repair
Calgary Home Inspector 	,repair
How to repair scratches to oven display glass? 	,repair
Help with pneumatic barstool please! 	,repair
Why does snowmelt drip down from my oven exhaust? 	,repair
Our 3-year-old furnace recently started making this noise every 30-40 seconds. Any idea what it is?  	,repair
Front-Loading Washer Galloping Like It's In a Dressage Competition 	,repair
Faucet Repair Help 	,repair
How do i light this pilot light? 	,repair
How to fill drill holes in a door in order to redrill them. 	,repair
Sheetrock has Wrinkles, why would this happen? 	,repair
Need help identifying type of light fixture in garage - tiny tube backed by metal panel with cage over it? 	,repair
Sink broken during a party 	,repair
Left heat off over winter break? 	,repair
New homeowner. Basement flooded. Need guidance. 	,repair
Anyone know what this flooring is called? Wanted to look up the best way to care for it w/o warping.  	,repair
How to fix this shower leak? 	,repair
Significant Water Damage to Home: How to Repair Professionally without a Contractor and Increase Amount Received From Insurance Appropriately? 	,repair
Unable to remove stopper to unclog bathroom sink 	,repair
Glass panel "inside" side of oven door fell off, how to fix? 	,repair
Replaced a gutter and still have icicles. Are these caused by ice dams?  	,repair
Last night my girlfriend gave herself a concussion. Boiler Broken.  	,repair
Any Structural Engineers here? Foundation Crack Issue? 	,repair
Need help/advice rerouting dryer exhaust 	,repair
How to use Sliding glass door repair services effectively?  	,repair
Assessing this existing ceiling fan 	,repair
What's Wrong With My Lennox Gas Fired Water Boiler?  	,repair
Trap under sink blew, water under linoleum, what to do? 	,repair
Washing machine wont spin or drain 	,repair
Ideas for indoor AC units 	,repair
Looking for advice about a blinds ladder string breaking 	,repair
Uneven hot water is master shower 	,repair
Fixing sink fissures? 	,repair
Garbage Disposal - Has power, unlocked with allen wrench but still won't work 	,repair
dishwasher spray arm retaining water 	,repair
Loose toilet 	,repair
How do I get rid of this wall texture? Any experiences to share?  	,repair
Smokey smell coming from bathroom exaust 	,repair
Why is the pipe in the back of my refrigerator always frozen? 	,repair
windows and winter 	,repair
Toilet rattles and gurgles when bowl refills 	,repair
Driveway Repair Options 	,repair
Smoke collects in basement when wood fire upstairs 	,repair
Heat will turn on... wont circulate   	,repair
Washing Machine Making Noise When Off 	,repair
Door isn't making a complete seal on the side 	,repair
Why is my ceiling like this?  	,repair
Chances of mold growing? 	,repair
How do it turn this out of reach valve off? 	,repair
Loud water heater while burning gas?!? 	,repair
Medicine cabinet repair 	,repair
Dented/chipped corner. 	,repair
Patching a home water filter housing? 	,repair
Any ideas for a quick fix for a door gap? 	,repair
Need help fixing a carpet 	,repair
I need help! 	,repair
Floor bucking after repair work. 	,repair
Change air filter during non AC months? 	,repair
How much to replace / convert coal boiler in historic house?  	,repair
How do I shut this thing off? 	,repair
I need help understanding my AC unit, vents, and filters! 	,repair
How do I clean the inside of a window pane? 	,repair
I messed up. :/ Block of hardened lye in my sink basket and PVC 	,repair
What's this stuff? 	,repair
Leak inside wall?? 	,repair
Anyone know how to get this handle unstuck on a window?  	,repair
Partial power loss to one room, not a breaker issue 	,repair
Reprogram old garage door opener 	,repair
Back corner settling quickly, can I do anything or do I need to call someone? 	,repair
Wet drywall behind shower, who do I call? 	,repair
Dealing with smells in an apartment 	,repair
Best way to winterize windows? 	,repair
Help Wiring a Light Switch 	,repair
Pipe under my sink cracked. Unsure how to proceed. 	,repair
Electric lawnmower 	,repair
Dishwasher stops running randomly 	,repair
Water in basement issue. 	,repair
What should/can I do if my house isn't grounded? 	,repair
Help: Towel Bar fell off. Not sure how to fix 	,repair
My AC leaks a LOT of water when turned off. 	,repair
Trying to repair an entry door 	,repair
How to vent my water heater 	,repair
Need help with unknown electrical outlet, 	,repair
Exterior siding rot? 	,repair
Re-parging the outside of my foundation. 	,repair
Metal Roof Paint Help 	,repair
Radiator humming noise 	,repair
Ceiling leak 	,repair
Thinking about buying a house previous owners smoked... HVAC cleaning 	,repair
GFCI Plugs 	,repair
Question about hiring a contractor... 	,repair
Weird water pipe noises? 	,repair
A few rotted deck boards. Replace and stain now, out wait til spring? 	,repair
Popcorn ceiling- Asbestos 	,repair
Very Clogged Laundry Chute 	,repair
Plumber Charges when they make a Mistake? 	,repair
caulk not sticking to tile 	,repair
My wall controlled ceiling fan isn't spinning as fast as it use to 	,repair
Old Cement Pipe - Possible Uses? 	,repair
I have one of those wedge shaped under-the-stairs closets. Seems like a huge waste of space. What can I use it for? 	,repair
Is there a term for this plate? 	,repair
Plumbing Issue/ Will I Make a Bomb? 	,repair
Mouse in my house 	,repair
Can aluminum siding be painted without being sanded first? 	,repair
flashing between wall and cement porch? 	,repair
Plastic tiles for EPDM room? 	,repair
Newer boiler scaring me...am I gonna blow up 	,repair
Frustrated with contactors! 	,repair
Just had floors redone 	,repair
They are going to charge us 120$ to fix this does anyone here know how to help me?  	,repair
Electric water heater whistling 	,repair
Caulking between wood cladding? 	,repair
Weird yellow "growth" smells bad. Anyone know what this is? 	,repair
Rehabber framed this exterior out, how do I fix it? 	,repair
Dryer heat diverter : test, results, review 	,repair
How to keep your metal snowblower blades from rusting ... 	,repair
How to protect your indoor plumbing when it's freezing outside 	,repair
Does your attic need more insulation ?   	,repair
Outdoor faucet with built-in vacuum breaker is leaking; can I replace just the vacuum breaker? 	,repair
Entryway paint removal or just replace entire piece? 	,repair
Garage Door Opener Troubles 	,repair
source of mold/moisture in stool closet. 	,repair
How do I remove this? It is 2 pieces screwed together but I can't grip it enough to unscrew it.  	,repair
My siphon cracked anyway to fix this without replacing it whole?  	,repair
Water pump issues 	,repair
How to clean vomit out of mattress? 	,repair
Need help! Broken window handle  	,repair
Need help with how to replace a water filter on a Whirlpool refrigerator 	,repair
Rotten wood around large pane window. 	,repair
BROKEN FAN, PLEASE HELP! 	,repair
With an older home, which to upgrade or replace first? 	,repair
What product can I use to help seal a metal roof seam that has opened other than anything asphaltish? 	,repair
Moving into our first home  . Any tips for taking good care of it that might not be obvious? I'm 1/10 hand man. 	,repair
Buying stucco home, what's this sensor-looking thing?  	,repair
Creaking doors 	,repair
Toilet flange needs repkacing 	,repair
What could it be?  	,repair
Water Pipe issues 	,repair
Heater doesn't work when it's cold... 	,repair
Help replacing a medicine cabinet with odd dimensions 	,repair
Help with window installation! Horizontal slider to vertical? 	,repair
Wave of the Future: Home Maintenance Program is Here!  	,repair
I likely need to replace a garage door opener 	,repair
Would weep holes be on only one exterior wall? 	,repair
My AC unit will not power on 	,repair
question about lead and tub refinishing 	,repair
an estimate on an electrical interest 	,repair
Can't figure out how to turn off the main power to my house! Here's my breaker box.  	,repair
Latch assembly on inner door is stuck -- broken or fixable? 	,repair
Oven door glass panel shattered. Still safe to use stove top? 	,repair
Phoenix AZ Garage Door 	,repair
Water leaking around light fixture. 	,repair
Anyone know what this spigot is?  	,repair
Rental apartment kitchen counter particle board expanded. Any quick fixes? 	,repair
Water collecting in kitchen drawers? 	,repair
Gap Between Porch Steps and Home Slab 	,repair
Getting rid of super glue 	,repair
Foundation cracks 	,repair
AC doesn't shut off 	,repair
When you don't clean out your window air conditioner, ever.  	,repair
Broken basement window -- how much is re-glazing, typically? 	,repair
Vinyl siding discoloration only at stud locations?  	,repair
Wall-Mounted AC unit: anyway to regulate? 	,repair
Dryer died - Fix or Replace 	,repair
please help!!! part of the ceiling fell. it came off as a whole piece. how do we fix it in four hours or less? land lird is coming.  	,repair
Water Damage 	,repair
Strange Smell Coming From Windows? 	,repair
Hotpoint Dishwasher Not Draining Water After Load of Dishes?  	,repair
Advice needed for sliding shower door leak 	,repair
door does not open and close easily 	,repair
Pink fluid leaking from light fixture. 	,repair
sloping in condo 	,repair
water in only two corners of crawlspace 	,repair
[Problem] Repairing Cracked Chipboard Table 	,repair
How do I keep my doorknobs tight,? 	,repair
Oven - Baking Element Toast - Repairable?    	,repair
Mailbox vs. Letterbox 	,repair
Sewage overflow aftermath 	,repair
Door Keeper  	,repair
Large Infected Trees! Removal And More Smart Home Updates  	,repair
How on earth am I supposed to eat this but loose? I am trying to replace my faucet but this far I can't get this but loose. A basin wrench is too big to fit inside the metal ring.  	,repair
Does Fisher Price sell Sunroom kits? 	,repair
Inside dryer. lots of lent! smell of burning. what is culprit?  	,repair
Need some advice 	,repair
Insulation leaking from back of house? 	,repair
What's this called?   	,repair
Water takes forever to run from the taps 	,repair
Managing humidity in the garage 	,repair
Standing Water on Flat Roof? 	,repair
Gold for Solution: Help w/ Door w/ Glass & Screen Insert 	,repair
Dark stain appearing on Stucco of homer. Grown darker in the last year, does not appear visibly moist. Thoughts?  	,repair
What are these white powdery chunks that came out of my range hood in my new apartment, smells kinda like raid but they are kinda chunky, appliance might be new?  	,repair
Can you help me replace an interior door? 	,repair
Can I recaulk just a corner of my bathtub, or do I need to recaulk the whole thing? 	,repair
What is causing these holes on the front of the house? 	,repair
One of my doors doesn't shut properly, how do I fix it? 	,repair
Paying a friend 	,repair
HVAC air handler cycling fan without thermostat input 	,repair
Question about stone foundation and waterproofing a basement 	,repair
Can fumigation damage paint on interior walls? 	,repair
Help - What to do after water damage 	,repair
Risers for septic system 	,repair
Bilco basement access door/hatch/bulkhead 	,repair
Can L&I fine you for doing your own home repair? 	,repair
Strange high-pitched noise from the wall near a light fixture 	,repair
I used 270,000 gallons of water last month? Is that possible? 	,repair
Vaillant gas combi boiler pressure issue 	,repair
Carbon Fiber Strips Repair Wall - Will It Work? 	,repair
Patio door repair. Open to ideas as well as paid repair for someone willing to take a whack at it. 	,repair
Repairing a broken outdoor counter end tile. Any idea where I could find a replacement for this?  	,repair
Can I paint the second level of the outside of my house using a tether from my roof? 	,repair
Replacing 4x4 fence post in frozen ground. 	,repair
Cracks in brick around outside. 	,repair
Help! My metal frame windows condense inside every day!! 	,repair
New water seepage issue - basement 	,repair
Burnt plastic or electric smell 	,repair
House sinking help! 	,repair
Loud street noise - soundproofing options? 	,repair
Rodent and Asbestos problem 	,repair
Is removing rubbish right away really far better than using a skip bin?  	,repair
Hardwood-to-carpet trim pieces won't stick!  	,repair
My heat keeps getting stuck on. The landlord keeps adjusting the thermometer without showing me how. This is my thermometer with the heat stuck at 25. How do I unstick?  	,repair
Mold identification? Found in basement 	,repair
Discoloration on walls...should I be worried? 	,repair
Vinyl floor lifting up in bathroom 	,repair
Mold Warning Signs: What You Need to Know  	,repair
How can I remove this stain from my kitchen's Countertops? 	,repair
Termites in my yard. What now? 	,repair
Mysterious wall sounds, had 3 pest people look, cut hole in wall, no answers. 	,repair
Septic Tank Problems 	,repair
How to maintain a 36 year old HVAC system? 	,repair
Mold on exposed brick wall? 	,repair
Leaking outdoor faucet 	,repair
Acrylic tile adhesive drying time 	,repair
Mysteriously wet carpet in my apartment 	,repair
Cutting tile? 	,repair
My backyard fence got knocked over  	,repair
Cutting costs painting 	,repair
Lacquered Floor Vaping Issue 	,repair
This will probably be one of the stupidest things you've ever read... 	,repair
Need to turn off water to my sprinkler system, hoping someone can help me   	,repair
Running water line to house humidifer 	,repair
Need emergency tub repair advice. 	,repair
Dehumidifier for cold basement with lots of moisture? 	,repair
Basement Flooding Thoughts 	,repair
Foundation "Wash-out" repair severity? 	,repair
Need help on changing bulb of a recessed light 	,repair
What Is Involved in Whole-Home Humidifier Installation and Maintenance? 	,repair
Help- How to proceed with finding mold source? 	,repair
Main Breaker Capacity Question 	,repair
Furnace and Thermostat 	,repair
Had mold removal come in and remove mold from water damage, now pipe is leaking from their replacing of HVAC lines - should I complain? 	,repair
What temperature to maintain inside home during a vacation? 	,repair
AFCI Breaker Replacement 	,repair
Suggestions for heating apartment 	,repair
Closet rod won't stay up 	,repair
water and white powder under furnace 	,repair
Large crack between wall and ceiling - is this normal for winter? 	,repair
Soap dish ripped hole in the wall 	,repair
Unbearably hot in my bedroom....not so much the rest of the house. How do I push heat out of my room? 	,repair
Could this be a city or regional drainage issue? 	,repair
Foundation Sump Now Running with Toilet Flushes 	,repair
Flood damage help 	,repair
What is wrong with my windows? 	,repair
Ash pit fills with water 	,repair
Deck Problems 	,repair
How would you remove this lightbulb?  	,repair
Hot water heater leaking 	,repair
contractors told us they found a leak in our basement 	,repair
A/c mold issues... 	,repair
Exterior wall hole 	,repair
Toilet leak while away - Insurance company hesitant to respond 	,repair
Potential ceiling damage from stovetop kettle steam? 	,repair
World's worst shower- 4.5 months and still problem not found 	,repair
Any tips for removing a stuck faucet valve cartridge? 	,repair
Small Flood 	,repair
Home warranty, plumbing and water damage / restoration. 	,repair
How do I get finger prints off drywall? 	,repair
Hole in wall where gate is supposed to latch. Imgur album included. 	,repair
Fumigating termites in wicker? 	,repair
Floor vent in bathroom is not working. 	,repair
Hang holiday lights from brick wall with hot glue? 	,repair
Spilled air freshener oil on wood deck -- how to remove smell/stain? 	,repair
Bleeding the radiators! Have key, will bleed. But what about low pressure? What other heating system maintenance should I do? 	,repair
Bathroom tub faucet has developed a constant drip. If I switch it to shower same thing happens. Ideas on the problem? 	,repair
A valve in my basement is seeping water. I'm not afraid of a challenge. How do I fix it myself?  	,repair
Cold water pipe in crawl space has a wet rust spot. How do I fix it? How did this happen?  	,repair
This metal part came off in the last storm. What is it called and how can it be repaired?  	,repair
Losing Power   From An Electrical Circuit, but the Breaker isn't Tripped 	,repair
Damaged door frame how to fix this ?  	,repair
Fixing a hole in the wall 	,repair
Pull-Up Bar damage advice? 	,repair
Why is my wall peeling from applying new paint?  	,repair
Copper Pipe Leak 	,repair
Insurance company says my roof must be fixed or they will cancel coverage. I don't see any problems. 	,repair
Recessed fire sprinkler cover popping out, can I just push it back up? 	,repair
Seal-Off a Fireplace Insert? 	,repair
fix or shut off broken radiator valve? 	,repair
Should I close crawl space vents during winter if I live in warmer climate  ? 	,repair
Finding a packing nut 	,repair
Keeping Vinyl Siding Clean 	,repair
Heating vent in nursery isn't attached to anything... 	,repair
Garage faucet shut off 	,repair
Which way is the airflow in my AC/Heater Unit 	,repair
Wood Under Firebox/Hearth 	,repair
My heat is broken 	,repair
Sealed tile floor - Dog urine smell 	,repair
Creaking wooden floor and stairs 	,repair
French drain clogged? 	,repair
Newly sided home, now has brown stains coming through the caulking around windows & doors. 	,repair
Need help with sink and dishwasher 	,repair
Need help with Home Repair/Maintenance? 	,repair
Help adjusting modern interior hinges 	,repair
Door Falling off of Hinge 	,repair
Is this the bad mold?  	,repair
Water Damage 	,repair
Replacing/Repairing Bathtub Liner 	,repair
Am I over-reacting to possible hidden mold in my home? 	,repair
fixing up old bathroom 	,repair
Should solid oak chest of drawers have a smell? 	,repair
Friend put tape on the wall and pulled off the paint/plaster. How to repair this sort of treatment and what is it called?  	,repair
How to unscrew a nut from an awkward angle? 	,repair
Electrical outlet loses power unless other outlet plugged in 	,repair
Do I need a dehumidifier? 	,repair
Hot Water Heater Pilot Light Won't Stay Lit 	,repair
Indoor furniture rusting? 	,repair
Burning/metallic smell under sink. 	,repair
someone crashed into a corner of my garage and took out a chunk of the bricks...how much does it cost to fix the damage? 	,repair
24/7 Hum throughout entire home. 	,repair
Remedy for squeaky doors 	,repair
How do I unscrew these? 	,repair
Who does this type of work: Front door overhang? 	,repair
Permanent finger streak in bathroom mirror? 	,repair
Wall cracking and I'm wondering what the best course of action is to fix it. 	,repair
How do I fix this mess?  	,repair
What kind of light switch is this? 	,repair
How do you figure we'd remove this shower faucet?  	,repair
Loud Buzzing Noise!  	,repair
Fieldstone Foundation repair/replace? 	,repair
Weird smell in my house 	,repair
Broken board in floor, help fixing it? 	,repair
Landlord is taking too long 	,repair
A Home Maintenance Checklist: An Incredibly Handy Tool to Keep Your House in Tip-Top Shape  	,repair
What to do with a seldom-used water heater. 	,repair
Never let Allgood Construction work on your home. 	,repair
I need help finding a starting point for some home projects 	,repair
Does this look like mold or water corrosion? 	,repair
Found some cracks in the concrete under the carpet in my living room. Any reason for concern? 	,repair
Installing a wall mounted pullup bar without damaging the wall 	,repair
Septic tank help please! 	,repair
Is there some trick to connecting a garden hose to a spigot? 	,repair
Garage door not closing all the way 	,repair
will this plug/outlet work for my dryer? what do i do with the xtra wires?  	,repair
Rabbit Carpet Repair 	,repair
In need of help installing hard-wired doorbell. 	,repair
How do I fix flooring In front of my toilet 	,repair
Did I just run out of oil? Loud buzzing sound then a "sweep" sound... 	,repair
Converting a Three Prong Dryer to a Four Prong. 	,repair
Good General Maintenance Manual 	,repair
Flooding from Washing Machine 	,repair
Full/Queen Metal Bed Frame Assembly 	,repair
Flooded basement 	,repair
How To Take Care Of Your Wooden Floors  	,repair
Why would low coolant in an AC cause it to freeze? 	,repair
What could this issue be? 	,repair
[Help] Door knob doesn't lock 	,repair
Clogged tub/sink 	,repair
Quick question: Do I need to extinguish the flame in our central heat/air unit now that the warm weather is here? 	,repair
Is this a water pressure regulator? 	,repair
Drywell reno 	,repair
Is this a termite? 	,repair
Cardboard behind the drywall? 	,repair
Oil company spilt oil on my vinyl siding last week during my delivery, didn't see it until today... 	,repair
Baseboard heater not warm unless actively purging water from it 	,repair
Troubleshooting Home Heating 	,repair
Toilet Roll Mount Ripped Out 	,repair
So this came off the kitchen light switch.  	,repair
My furnace makes a very loud clanking noise when being used often, it runs fine with no problems, but will this turn into one? 	,repair
How can I fix this without damaging the finish  	,repair
How can I get rid of the frost in my attic? Source has been sealed. 	,repair
Only half my house is getting heat. 	,repair
Drafty, probably damaged, door 	,repair
Space Blanket Aluminum Coating Stuck to Window 	,repair
Washer wont stop filling, but my floors have never looked better. 	,repair
Will a garage door company service very old equipment or insist on replacing it? 	,repair
Prevent Damp Causing Problems in your Home  	,repair
Do You Have Mildew on Your Home?  	,repair
10 Helpful Hydrogen Peroxide Uses  	,repair
Saving energy with home water heater 	,repair
Bay Area Window Cleaning  	,repair
Bathroom Light Install - Ground wire question 	,repair
Air conditioner leaked and soaked wooden bookshelf directly under 	,repair
Easy repair of leaking plumbing vent pipe.  	,repair
PLUMBING HELP: My kitchen sink is draining very slowly. 	,repair
Please help HomeMaintenance! There is a hole in the plastic on my patio door frame, is there any way to patch this up?  	,repair
My toilet runs all the time.  	,repair
Was this water heater installed correctly?  	,repair
How to manually turn on a furnace. 	,repair
Easiest way to fix this?  	,repair
Furnace maintenance: ignitor replacement on 2000 Rheem furnace 	,repair
Had buildup in my fridge/freezer. Thawed it out and found this. Time to get a new one?  	,repair
GE Dryer help. Noise/vibration 	,repair
We have Excessive Frost in our Attic; I'm Seeking Advice on Short and Long Term Solutions 	,repair
Weird sound coming from my pipes   	,repair
Dryer gets hot but won't turn? 	,repair
Steffe's Off Peak Heater sort of works and now the regular electric heat won't. I'm all mixed up and don't know what to do. 	,repair
5 Things To Consider Before Calling A Local Plumber  	,repair
Can carpet catch on fire if it is resting or touching baseboard heating? 	,repair
Fence Project - need help on lock idea  	,repair
Settling Cracks in home built in the early 80's. How concerned should I be? 	,repair
How to control moisture in crawl space - vent fan or dehumidifier 	,repair
Drafty Casement A/C Unit 	,repair
Double-sided foam tape ripped paint off walls, how can I repair it?   	,repair
Bad water damage over basement slider 	,repair
Gas Range - Gas takes a long time to start flowing 	,repair
Is red tubing normal for refrigerator water? 	,repair
Replacing Grill Switch on Hotpoint EG1000ex 	,repair
How do I change this recessed light  	,repair
How to avoid spending too much money on washing machine repairs  	,repair
Microwave cleaning trick to easily remove burned-on stains.  	,repair
Icy roof leaking into townhouse 	,repair
Just finished remodeling a bathroom in my duplex, what do you think?  	,repair
Vent stack cover? 	,repair
Tips for repairing a 1" hole in cinder block wall 	,repair
Can anyone identify this light fixture? Trying to get another one to replace a chandelier.  	,repair
Tips on fixing a broken driveway?  	,repair
I just found this subreddit! A small team and I have been working on a site to help you maintain your home. We would love your feedback!  	,repair
How to clean chrome bathroom fixtures? 	,repair
Need advice on how to remove a shelf. 	,repair
Upstairs Light Switch issues 	,repair
Water at base of toilet 	,repair
Request: Second opinion on price quote for home exclusion + termite inspection / 5-yr bond + reinsulation -- Are we getting a good deal??  	,repair
Homemade toilet bowl cleaner and tablets 	,repair
Help! fell in love with a house that has moisture in the walls - do I have to pass on it? 	,repair
40% of home maintenance call outs are avoidable with a few simple precautions  	,repair
HELP! Thanksgiving is tomorrow and our oven isn't heating up enough or holding its temp, despite the thermostat reading the requested temp 	,repair
Blender Troubles: Where to Ask? 	,repair
Anyone know of a good site to look at bathtubs by size and type? 	,repair
Questions   regarding a new roof. 	,repair
Toilet flushes with low pressure - but only sometimes. What the crap? 	,repair
Radon Emission Pipe need a cap? 	,repair
How can I fix my sliding closet door that rumbles? 	,repair
Need to pickup a new disherwasher. Any thoughts? 	,repair
Does this A/C repair estimate sound reasonable? 	,repair
Home A/C not cooling efficiently? Need advice. 	,repair
My hot water is broken and the "experts" have no idea what is going on. Any ideas? 	,repair
Water heater is leaking, I think, and I can't see where the leak is coming from? 	,repair
Hotpoint mashine. Need to open the top and/or adjust the lid switch -- how? 	,repair
Upstairs bathroom leaking water into downstairs bathroom, need advice! 	,repair
Dryer is making a terrible squeaking noise when it's running. Can anyone tell me how to fix it??  	,repair
I *hate* the tile in my bathroom. Is tearing it off the walls and replacing it my only option? 	,repair
Sliding glass door is sticking 	,repair
Need help with door crack, how to paint just one part of a door/wall? 	,repair
Looking at buying a house - Need to identify something 	,repair
First time setting floor tile, 12 x 12 slate honed on one side. Any tips for the noob? 	,repair
Need help with ink in the dryer 	,repair
Need advice on an electric furnace 	,repair
Furnace repair, new blower, seems weaker and furnace seems hotter to touch 	,repair
Does your toilet leak? Is it not high enough for you? Then change it out! 	,repair
Jacuzzi tub is leaking. Any easy or inventive way to seal off the jets permanently instead of replacing entire tub? 	,repair
Siding 	,repair
Dog chewed hole in carpet... Need advice on how to fix this. Thank in advance :) 	,repair
Tell me about pellet stoves. I'm thinking of getting one, but know nothing about them. How do they work, how well do they perform? 	,repair
I need to cut a 4" vent hole through brick 	,repair
Refrigerator keeps shutting off throughout the day... any advice? 	,repair
What to do about tree roots. 	,repair
Installing a baby gate, & I don't want to screw it to the bannister any ideas? 	,repair
Drilling into your ceiling? You'll be needing this.  	,repair
Any advice on buying/building wall shelving? 	,repair
Any one know how to take the pedal arms off of a recumbent exercise bike? 	,repair
Laying tile on wood sub-floor? 	,repair
Anyone have experience with radiant barrier products / installing them? 	,repair
Does anyone know how to fix this paint peel? 	,repair
Post Images whenever possible in /r/HomeMaintenance. It's mad helpful, B. Peace. 	,repair
Anyone have any tips on how to locate ceiling joists in apt. for bike hoist installation? 	,repair
I am an electrician I will be happy to give advice if any of you so desire. 	,repair
The water pressure on my kitchen sink used to be all like SSHHHHH but now it's all like sshhhh. How can I fix it? 	,repair
Replacing bathroom fan? 	,repair
Thanks, and suggestions. 	,repair
Bathtub water drains sooooooooo slow. 	,repair
4-way switch 	,repair
Odd, disturbing smell 	,repair
The grout in my tiles has chipped away. How do I fix it? 	,repair
Bookshelves... Need Ideas. 	,repair
Whole-house surge suppression? 	,repair
Electronics in the loft... 	,repair
Mounting to wall studs? 	,repair
When redoubling my wainscoting, should I use a 3x8 tubing burnisher or a 2x6 lateral rendering lathe? 	,repair
Replacing belt on Hoover dryer. 	,repair
I want to soundproof my apartment door. Can anyone tell me how? 	,repair
Curtains for French doors  	,repair
Help! Refrigerator line leaking and i can't shut off valve.  	,repair
	,repair
